feat: configurable HTTP and HTTPS listen addresses for the UI (#926)
freifunkMUC/wg-access-server: docs/2-configuration.md

| `WG_ADMIN_PASSWORD`                  | `--admin-password`                  | `adminPassword`                | Yes      |                                              | The admin account password                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| `WG_PORT`                            | `--port`                            | `port`                         |          | `8000`                                       | The port the web ui will listen on (http)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

> | `WG_HTTP_HOST`                       | `--http-host`                       | `httpHost`                     |          | `` (all interfaces)                          | The host the web ui will listen on (http). If empty, the server will listen on all interfaces.                                                                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `WG_HTTP_HOST`                       | `--http-host`                       | `httpHost`                     |          | `` (listen on all hostnames)                          | The host the web ui will listen on (http). If empty, the server will listen on all hostnames.                                                                                                                                                                                |
```

| `WG_HTTPS_KEY_FILE`                  | `--https-key-file`                  | `https.keyFile`                |          |                                              | Path to the TLS private key file. If not provided, a self-signed certificate will be generated.                                                                                                                                                                               |
| `WG_HTTPS_PORT`                      | `--https-port`                      | `https.port`                   |          | 8443                                         | Port for HTTPS server.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |

> | `WG_HTTPS_HOST`                      | `--https-host`                      | `https.host`                   |          | ``  (listen all ifs)                         | Hostname or IP address for HTTPS server. If left empty, the server will listen on all available network interfaces.                                                                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `WG_HTTPS_HOST`                      | `--https-host`                      | `https.host`                   |          | ``  (listen on all hostnames)                         | Hostname or IP address for HTTPS server. If empty, the server will listen on all hostnames.                                                                                                                                                           |
```
